=head1 NAME


auxin, auxout, auxinout, auxscr,auxsockout,copy_history - returns I/O pointer 
to auxiliary data file

=head1 SYNOPSIS

	From C:
	#include <seplib.h>

	FILE *auxin(tag)
	FILE *auxtmp(tag);
	FILE *auxout(tag)
	FILE *auxinout(tag)
	FILE *auxsockout(tag)
	FILE *auxscr(tag)
	void copy_history( intag, outtag )
	char *tag, *intag, *outtag;


	From Fortran:

	integer auxin(tag)
	integer auxout(tag)
	integer auxinout(tag)
	integer auxsockout(tag)
	integer auxscr(tag)
	integer auxtmp(tag)
	integer copy_history(intag,outtag)

=head1 DESCRIPTION


These routines open an auxillary seplib dataset for input, output, or
both. For historical reasons they return a stream pointer 
(or a file descriptor for Fortran users).  These return values should not
be used for I/O. Always use the tag name to read and write data. The
return values should only be used to check for errors.

For auxin() the location of this data is determined by a line "in=filename" 
in the auxiliary input history.  The history is in turn located according the
following priorities:
Look for 'tag=history' on the command line.
Look for 'tag=history' on standard input.
Look for the file `tag' in the current directory.

For auxout(), an output history is created and
initialized as necessary. The default name `tag' of this
output history may be overrrided by specifying `tag=history'
on the command line. If the output
history already exists it will be overwritten.
The location of the data file is constructed
automatically following rules similar to those used by
output(). If the file exists it will be truncated to zero length
before starting output.

For auxinout(), the history file will be searched for using the same
rules as auxin and appended to if it exists.
If the history already exists, the data file it points at will be
reused. If you wish to append to the end of that file you should
seek to the end before writing.  If the history file doesn't exist the 
history file and data file will be created as for auxout.
The call to auxinout() must be the first use of the tag in your program.
Any other call will implicity open the dataset as either an input or
output dataset.

copy_history() is used to copy the input history from the stream
defined by tagin to the stream defined by tagout. 


=head1 EXAMPLE

	A binary file "elevations" has been generated for a 
	seismic section. The history, say Helev, describing it 
	would contain

		in="elevations"

		ne=120 units=feet datum=250

	A program written to use these elevations would be invoked

		<Hin Prog elev=Helev >Hout

	and the source for Prog might contain code such as

		auxpar("ne","d",&ne,"elev");

		auxpar("esize","d",&esize,"elev");

		auxpar("units","s",units,"elev");

		auxpar("datum","f",&datum,"elev");

		sreed("elev",elevations,ne*esize)

		for(i=0; i<ne; ++i) elevations[i] -= datum; 


=head1 DIAGNOSTICS


	Calls to auxin()/auxout()/auxinout()/auxsockout()/auxscr() from C return 
	NULL if there is no auxiliary history or data whilst
	the fortran routine returns -1 in the same situation.
	Other errors will cause program termination with a
	suitable message.

=head1 SEE ALSO


	L<auxclose>, L<auxpar>, L<auxputch>, input, L<sreed>, L<srite>, 
	L<sseek>

=head1 BUGS


	Don't forget to declare auxin an integer in Fortran 
	and Ratfor programs.

=head1 KEYWORDS


auxillary dataset input output

=head1 LIBRARY


B<sep>

=cut

