=head1 NAME


datapath - The datapath to put a seplib binaries

=head1 SYNOPSIS


#include <seplib.h>
char *datapath(prefix)
char *prefix

=head1 DESCRIPTION


Datapath outputs an intelligent prefix character string that can be
used to generate output file names.  This prefix is generated
according to the following priorities:

=head1 COMMENTS


1) Look for datapath= on the command line.

2) Look for the environmental variable DATAPATH

3) Look for datapath= in a file named `.datapath' in the current directory.

4) Look for datapath= in a file named `.datapath' in the user's home directory.

5) Use the default datapath `DEFAULT_DATA_DIR/login_name/' .
DEFAULT_DATA_DIR dir is defined when seplib is compiled. The default
value is often "/scr".

A ".datapath" file has the following format. An entry consists of an
(optional) host name followed by datapath=path, where path is the
datapath you wish to use. If you wish to place files in a directory you
should terminate the path component with a /.  The first entry should
contain no hostname, it is the default datapath for all hosts. If an
entry is founds with a hostname that matches the initial part of the
current hostname (without the domainname) then that datapath will be
used instead.

e.g.
datapath=/scr/dave/
oas datapath=/scr4/dave/
robson datapath=/scrx/dave

This will result in a datapath of "/scr/dave/" except on machines oas
and robson.

If a datapath starts with a $ (e.g. datapath=$SCR/dave/ ) then the
value of the environment variable will be used to start the datapath.
See "output" for a description of how environment variables are
handled in the information written to the header file.

The value returned by datapath is the address of the input string.

=head1 SEE ALSO


output, input, L<slice>, seplib

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS


Datapath terminates program execution with an appropriate
error message if it has trouble reading a .datapath file.  

=head1 BUGS


The long list of rules is not easily remembered.  It is an attempt,
however, to mimic standard UNIX conventions such as  csh  or 
ex use to establish defaults.

=head1 KEYWORDS


datapath output file binary

=head1 LIBRARY


B<sep>

=cut

