=head1 NAME


doc - program self documentation


=head1 SYNOPSIS


doc(SOURCE)

=head1 INPUT PARAMETERS


=over 4

=item SOURCE - char* 

      Location of source file

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION


SEPlibs documentation mechanism. When a program is called
with no arguments and no in or out the begining of the file
is searched for documentation.  For C, the first comment

=head1 COMMENTS


Standard practice is to give program usage description in comment
lines at the beginning of the source file.  Doc reads such comments
from the file name it is passed and prints them (on the stderr file)
when the program is invoked without inputs or arguments.  Thus the
prospective user need only type the program name to obtain a parameter
description.

If the filename is a relative path the documentation will be searched for
in the list of directories defined by the compile time 
variable DEFAULT_DOC_PATH followed by the list of directories in 
the environment variable "SEP_DOC_PATH". Both of these should be 
colon separated lists of directories.

Copying is done up to the end of the first comment block or
preprocessor control symbol (# for C, % for Ratfor).  Output is piped
through more so that long descriptions can be viewed.

In the interest of increased portability,  provision is made to input the
comments directly as a (long) character string. (This is fairly messy,
however, and compiler length limitations may interpose.)

The standard include file <sep.startup> generates the call
`doc(SOURCE)'. The standard gnu-makefile rules for building seplib
will automatically define SOURCE.

 If the programmer predefines SOURCE via a #define
they should only do so if it is not previously defined., e.g.

 #ifndef SOURCE 

 #define SOURCE "./segy/programs/Segy.c"

 #endif

=head1 SEE ALSO


 seplib, more

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS


If SOURCE has not been defined,  the cc compiler will yell.

=head1 BUGS


Unpredictable results if comments don't appear at the beginning of the
program.  Fortran version needs % to recognize end of comment stream.

=head1 KEYWORDS


	self doc documentation manuals

=head1 LIBRARY


B<sep>

=cut

