=head1 NAME


getch - grab a parameter from command line

=head1 SYNOPSIS


C<int getch(name, format, value)>


=head1 INPUT PARAMETERS


=over 4

=item name-  char* 

      parameter name

=item format -char* 

      format of variable (d,f,s)

=back

=head1 OUTPUT PARAMETERS


=over 4

=item value - void*

       variable value of variable

=back

=head1 RETURN VALUE


=over 4

=item x = number of matches found

=back


=head1 DESCRIPTION


This function is the seplib equivalent of the older getpar() for
extracting values from command line expressions of the form
`name=value'.  


=head1 COMMENTS


More than one name may be searched by separating the
alternatives by blanks or commas.  Possible format conversions are "d"
(or "i"), "f" (or "r"), "g" and "s" for integer, floating point,
double precision, and strings respectively.  If no match is found, the
variable is not altered.

When a keyword `par=filename' is encountered on the command line, that
file (and any that it might in turn point to) is scanned as well.
Getch returns a count of the number of matches it found.


=head1 DIAGNOSTICS


Program execution is terminated with extreme prejudice if a par file
cannot be opened or the command argument list cannot be found.
It is also an error for parfiles to be nested more then 10 deep.

=head1 BUGS


It should be possible to limit the length of retrieved strings and
to extract individual characters.  It is also not presently possible
to redirect search to an internal argument list.

=head1 KEYWORDS


parameter command line argument

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<fetch>, L<hetch>, L<putch>, L<auxpar>, L<getch_add_string>

=head1 LIBRARY


B<sep>

=cut

