=head1 NAME


srite - write an array to seplib tag


=head1 SYNOPSIS


C<int srite(tag, buffer, nbytes)>

=head1 INPUT PARAMETERS


=over 4

=item char*-  tag     

      tag of history file

=item int -   nbytes  

      number of bytes to be written

=item void*-  buffer  

      values to be written

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION


Writes out data to dataset attached to given tag

=head1 RETURN VALUES


=over 4

n= number of bytes written

=back

=head1 COMMENTS


The tag argument is either the string "out" or any tag appropriate for
use with auxout().  This means either an explicit filename or a
command line redirect parameter tag=filename.  Buffer is the location
of contiguous bytes from which the output will be written.  Unless an
end of file or I/O error is encountered, it is guaranteed that all
nbytes bytes will be written; this is true even for terminals and
pipes.  In any event the number of characters written is returned.

Sreed and srite now perform conversions from machine independent
external data formats to the internal data representation. For srite
this defaults to "xdr_float". This may be overridden by
"data_format=..." on the command line or (for tag="out" only) by a
call to C<set_format(tag, "...")>  The valid types are "xdr_float",
"xdr_integer", "xdr_byte", "native_float", "native_byte" and "vplot". 

If the internal representation is larger than the representation of
the external data then you must be careful to make nbytes the size
of the converted data.  e.g. on a cray system when
writing xdr_float data, nbytes refers to the number of bytes to be written.
This will be in 4-byte xdr_floats, but the internal storage will be in
8-byte cray floats, so the buffer must be 2*nbytes long.

=head1 SEE ALSO


L<sreed>, L<sseek>, L<ssize>, L<auxclose> 

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS


If an end of file is reached, the returned byte count may be less than
the requested amount.  The next call will return zero.  If the write
was otherwise unsuccessful the program will be terminated via
seperr().  Many conditions can generate an error: physical I/O errors,
bad buffer address, preposterous nbytes, tag not that of an output
file.

=head1 BUGS


=head1 KEYWORDS


write xdr output

=head1 LIBRARY


B<sep>

=cut

