=head1 NAME


Dots - plots data as 'lollipops'

=head1 SYNOPSIS


<in.H  Dots  [options]  | Tube

=head1 DESCRIPTION


Plots a data plane, like 'Wiggle,' but lollipops on strings.
Adapts default data format to values of n1,n2.
Can put a separate label on each trace.  (see labels=)
Data area fills screen when title= label1= labels= 
are undefined.

=head1 COMMENTS


A program somewhat like Wiggle, but better in some ways because
it tries to be smarter. The output style depends on the input
n1 and n2. For loosely packed traces with only a few data 
points Dots plots the data as lollipops on strings, showing
each data point clearly. There are also options for separately
labeling each trace, omitting dead traces, making bar graphs,
etc. As n1 and n2 increase Dots by default simplifies the
output and eventually behaves almost the same as Wiggle.
Unfortunately Dots does not use the axis drawing and plotting
routines shared by Wiggle, Contour, Graph and Ta2vplot, and
so Dots' options and ouput plot size, position, and axes 
are currently incompatible with those for other plot programs.

=head1 INPUT PARAMETERS


=over 4

=item seemean-int 

      [1] draw axes lines (=0 means don't)
      0  default not to when n2>30 to avoid clutter

=item strings-int 

      [1]  draw strings from axis to balloons
      0  default not to when n1>400 since too slow

=item wantaxis-int 

      [1]  draw  bottom axis

=item dots   -int 

      [1] draw the balloons
      0 default not to when n1>130 since dots are small
      2 draw dots only where signal is not zero.

=item corners-int 

      [6] corners on area-filled polygon dots.

=item connect-int 

      1 connect the dots on diagonal lines.
      2 connect the dots as a bar graph.
      3 bar graph with only horizontal bars.
      4 connect dots only where signal is not zero.
      0 don't connect adjacent values in any way.

=item clip  -float 

      your chosen clip value.

=item overlap-float 

      [.90]  trace overlap at clip value

=item gaineach - int 

      1 gain each trace independently (=0 gain all together)

=item constsep - int 

      0 trace separations depend on both max and min.
      1 trace separation depends on max abs value.

=item seedead -  int 

      0 plot dead traces as zero traces or don't plot them.

=item silk    -  int 

      [0] wiggle traces
      1 silk screen variable area(see SEP CD-ROM platter plot)

=item title,label1- char*  

      usual meaning

=item labels - char* 

      trace labels, i.e. labels=in:filt:out

=item labelsz -int 

      [8] label size

=item yreverse - int 

      [0] =1, reverse order of channels.

=item transp - int 

      [0] flip axes.   (Buggy for title and label1).

=item xxscale - float 

      [1.] <1. for smaller plots, narrow plots, etc.

=item yyscale - float 

      [1.] <1. for smaller plots, narrow plots, etc.

=item radius  - float  

      radius of the dot to be plotted. Defaults to 
      some fraction of the screen width.

=back


=head1 SEE ALSO


L<xtpen>, L<Graph>, L<Histogram>

=head1 BUGS


 Needs pclip, you must preprocess for unusual clip needs.

=head1 COMPILE LEVEL


 DISTR

=head1 CATEGORY


B<sep_graphics>

=cut

